React Course:
"super()" method calls the parent component constructor - often it is a core React component
IIFE - immediately invoked function expression
We need to use "onChange" event handler with the controlled component
Action => Reducer => State => Component => UI
Action is a function
State = Store (at least in Redux)

Node.js Crash Course:
repl - read eval print loop
"-D" is short for "--save-dev" (development dependencies)
fs module - filesystem module
If the method is asynchronous, that means it takes a callback. So anything you wanna do after the method, you put in the callback.
os module - operation system module. darwin is mac
serialized URL = straight-up URL
Host = root domain
logger - a device or computer program for making a systematic recording of events, observations, or measurements.
REST API
REST - representational state transfer
Representational state transfer (REST) is a software architectural style that defines a set of constraints to be used for creating Web services. Web services that conform to the REST architectural style, called RESTful Web services, provide interoperability between computer systems on the Internet. RESTful Web services allow the requesting systems to access and manipulate textual representations of Web resources by using a uniform and predefined set of stateless operations. Other kinds of Web services, such as SOAP Web services, expose their own arbitrary sets of operations
ENOENT - Error NO ENTRy; Error NO ENTity - that means "page isn't found".
Error 500 - server error
Shortcut for using Git:
git init
git add .
git commit -m 'Initial commit'
"git push ... master"

Git Crash Course:
Commands for my project:

Working with local repository - START
git init
git config --global user.name 'EugeneSince1993'
git config --global user.email 'jk235@mail.ru'
git add index.html (and others files we need or simply put 'git add .', it's also used for updating files in the staging area)
git add *.html (add all html files)
git status
git rm --cached index.html "optional - to unstage - remove from staging area"
git commit -m 'Changed index.html'

A specific (not master) branch we need if we're working on some functionality (e.g. "Login" module) that we are not ready to commit (add to repository)
git branch branch_name "create a branch"
git branch -d branch_name "delete a branch in a local repository"
git checkout branch_name "swith to another branch"
If we finish the functionality and are ready to merge "master" and (e.g.) "login" branch, we should do (while we on the master): git merge login , then press I, then write a description (without # - that shouldn't be a comment), then press ESC, then put ":wq", then Enter. The same operations we should do if we make a "manual" ordinary commit command.
As a result of merging, we get the contents of master branch with all the files of branches we merged with master one. 
Simply put, finally we get a master branch with all the files.

".gitignore" file ignores all the folders (files) included in it - then we won't be able to add that folders (files) with "git add"
for file: simply write filename
for folder: write "folderwedontneedtoadd/" (for some reason Brad said then: "/folderwedontneedtoadd")
we can also do: *.txt

Working with local repository - END

Working with remote repository - START
echo "# myappsample" >> README.md (not necessary)
git init (we've already done that in the step above)
git add README.md (not necessary)
git commit -m "first commit" (not neccessary, because we've already done commits to our local repository)
git remote add origin https://github.com/EugeneSince1993/myappsample.git
git push -u origin master

touch README.md (write something in there)
git add README.md (or git add .)
git commit -m 'Added readme' (and after this command "readme" will be on local repository)
git push (that pushes (add) the whole local repository (or updates it) to the GitHub remote repository)

git clone https://github.com/EugeneSince1993/myappsample.git (adds remote repos to a local repos)
git pull (update the local repos according to the remote one)

".md" format is used to mark up our "readme" file nicely on the github page. ".md" stands for "Markdown".
"git remote" command gives us a list of our remote repositories.
Working with remote repository - END

Summary:
All I need (after creating a local and a remote repositories) -
To add:
git add .
git commit -m "Added or Updated file"
git push

To get:
git pull

Express.js:
Mongoose (package) is an object-relational (data) mapper (ORM).
view - "block of html code" (or template)
view (template) engine

MERN Stack Course:
Mongoose - Database Abstraction Layer